For this final project, I chose to build on my previous midterm project's car gallery website. I firstly redesigned the entire modal box part by adding an <iframe> tag inside of the modal box. This could allow me to directly include another individual page inside of this modal box, which is easier to manipulate when I want to add carousel sliders and videos. In the modal box, before putting in any actual contents, I firstly decided to set up the entire format of the modal box so that it would be easier to put information into it. I used place-holder texts and images to design the divs that are needed to hold each elements. I also used <detail> for collapsible texts. 

Then, before I create individual pages for each logo, I decided to add a search bar through bootstrap in my home page. I actually spent quite a long time in this easy step. This is because simply copy-paste the codes into the page would result in a div that is directly stick to the bottom of my hero image div, which is very ugly. I searched through the website and found out that I could use atomic elements like my-2 to adjust the top padding but it wouldn't work well when I change scale of the screen. In the end, I realized that I could achieve this by using the most primal solution - adding a div outside of this search bar by and styling the div to have a percentage padding. Throughout the design of this final project, I spent a lot of time on some similar little problems like this which could be easily solved but appeared quite hard in the first sight. 

Moving on, I decided to make the logos clickable with hovering effects. I did this by using similar techniques that I used for the modal box - adding an invisible grey box that is going to turn its opacity to 1 whenever it is hovered.  After this step, I need to make an individual page for each brand. This was a quite simple step. I could just directly copy and paste contents from the home page with some simple styling. 

The last step is putting contents like texts and images into the modal boxes. It is quite easy, but also time consuming. I had to write all the text paragraphs and find images for each car. Sometimes the images aren't in the same scale against each other, which could cause the modal box or the carousel slider to distort, but it is so far the best I can do for now. In the future, if I have more techniques and time, I would definitely try to make the search bar functional through incorporating java scripts, so that it would be easier to navigate when there's more cars in this website.